.TH CLIENT 1 "November 25, 2021" "Client-Side Manual"
.SH NAME
.TP
client \- this program connects the client to a server to send transactions to be done by the server or sleep. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
client \fIport_num\fP \fIip_address\fP [ < \fIinput_file\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
.B client 
runs a client program that accepts a \fIport\fP and \fIip_address\fP and an optional \fIinput_file\fP
.TP
.B port 
the port number that the server is using and you wish to connect to, ranging between 5000 to 64000.
.TP
.B ip_address 
ip address that the server is running on and you wish to connect the client to.
.TP
.B input_file 
an optional parameter of a file that contains T<int> and S<int> commands that will executed by the server and client respectively. If no file is inputted, the program will take S<int> and T<int> commands from the command line with CTRL-D terminating the input sequence.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fRMakefile
compiles the programs
.TP
\fRclient.cpp
this is the source code for client-related functionality to send transactions to be completed by the server and recieve done IDs.
.TP
\fRtands.cpp
contains the two functions executed in this assignment.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
client 20000 127.0.0.1 <client.in
.TP
Here 20000 is the port number, 127.0.0.1 is the ip address and client.in is the file containing T<int> and S<int> commands.
.TP
client 20000 127.0.0.1
.TP
Here, all T<int> and S<int> commands will come from the terminal.
.SH NOTES
.TP
The server has a backlog of 10 clients.
.TP
CTRL-D needs to be used to terminate the client after entering commands from the terminal.   
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Amro Amanuddein
